Here is my study path of javascript
1122 morning 递归，预编译（上） 1:03:05

Storytelling's a fundamental part of every
great brand. Right? Every great brand that has longevity in
the retail space. Every great product, every great service,
every great institution has a story behind it. Every great brand has a story and that
story connects to the emotions, the characters, the values of the people
that, that live that product every day. Storytelling's always been a part of
business. It's just now we're overtly talking about it as a tool that leaders can use as
opposed to just an aid in our brand's and the products
that we give to people. What I think storytelling does, is it
brings a different element. Storytelling says it's not about the list
of things we have to do, it's about the connection that we give to people about a piece of information that we're trying to
share. A good story at its essence, is simply
conveying a message that has logic. It has emotional connection, and it also has larger purpose. Storytelling is the difference between
solving a problem and creating a cause. Right?
Lets solve a problem. Here's an issue we face, let's create a
pro and con list about how to solve it, pick the best
option from there. A cause is something that ignites people,
and unites people. And I think that's what a good story does,
is it creates a cause. There's a few things you have to do as a
manager to create a, a really good story. The first and foremost thing you have to
do, is you have to know your audience. A good story, is designed for the
audience. It may not connect to you, it may not
always make sense to you, it's not using words you might be familiar with,
but it's things your audience understands and
your audience knows. So I think that's rule one, is who's your
audience, where do they come from, and what do they
need. I think the second part of a good story is
a clear sequence of events. You listen to a great story teller,
there's a very clear sequence of events that moves the story from the
beginning to an end. And I think last but not least is having
moments of reflection. Or questions that remain unanswered, that
build suspense, that build intrigue, and that have someone sitting on the edge
of their seat. To have you answer them. The great storyteller asks and answers
questions along the way. They build suspense, and they reduce that
suspense by answering this, the questions. Storytellers that aren't so good leave
those questions hanging, in the air, and so people walk out confused, unsure,
uncertain about the direction to take from there. If you have a compelling story, something
that is of interest, something that is powerful people are going to listen no
matter what the medium is. And what we get trapped by is the
expectation that, that the audience doesn't want to be
compelled. Most business leaders are honestly bored
with 90% of the conversations they have in a day. They, they sit there and they have power
point after power point, and they have meeting after meeting, and they have
to do list after to do list. And they're looking to be inspired. And so as a student, I think the biggest
thing you have to get over at the start, is your own
uncertainty about whether or not the tool works. What does your audience need, a business
leader? They want a little bit of data. They want hard fact, and they want
recommendations. The space in between that and how you get to those things, that's where storytelling
can be compelling. Locate the most powerful part of your
message and lean on it. Is it one piece of data? Is it a single profile?
Is it a single conversation? And last, but not least, is make sure that, that you create moments of
reflection. There's big powerful questions sitting in
front of this leader to think about. There's a variety of stories that a leader
can tell in an organization. And when we talk about design thinking,
when we talk about, what type of story is most
appropriate. When you're trying to drive
transformation. In this story the figure of the story, the
main character, is the big wicked problem facing the
organization.

And so some things that you need to do
typical in that type of story, is first you have to
sell the challenge. You have to help the audience understand
how the current state, Is more dangerous than any other
possibility out there. You have to get them in the frame of mind
that they want to take this on and make this challenge a
cause that they can invest in.

And that's fundamentally the first thing
you have to do. Then you have to be able to talk very
intelligently about the fellowship.

Or what I would call kind of the, the
people that are involved in the challenge. Whether that'd be the customers you're
observing, the stakeholders in there, make sure that they have a good understanding
of all the people involved. Last but not least, you have to give them the chance to talk about the tensions that
exist. Right?


This challenge creates tensions for us. In our business today, we have a big
challenge around, doing the right thing, around
sustainability.

How do you build a good business that
actually does good? If you can present those tensions, you
create a place where people want to get involved because they want to
have that debate and that conversation.

And last but not least, you have to
present on the very end the possibilities that there is a way
to get this solved. That there is a, a path that we can head
to make movement in that regard. And so I think that story when you put the
challenge as the, as the figure. Becomes down to just really making sure
that they understand how big it is. What the tensions are that exists. And what you can do. I think the question of why is storytelling is important to leadership In
tomorrow's world. I think that's a fundamental question of
what makes storytelling a compelling tool to learn about, to find
out about, and to understand.

 As I look towards the world we live in, there's three basic challenges that
leaders, leaders face. One is that they only have about 20% of the people that they lead.
Only about 20% of their attention. And so, storytelling allows you. To get them to pay attention, for just a
little bit longer. For a little bit more time, with a little
bit more diligent energy. I think that's important. If you can raise the level of engagement
in your business, you will do wonders to your
performance. And storytelling allows you to create energy and passion and excitement around
something. So I think that's one reason why leaders
need to start using storytelling in [INAUDIBLE]. Secondly, storytelling allows you to make
strategy accessible. Strategy's accessible, accessible only for
about three groups of people. Right? The leaders that write it, the consultants
that help them do it, and the professors that create case
studies around it. For everyone else, strategy is a difficult
thing that causes complexity and uncertainty in
our lives. And I think what storytelling does for
leaders in terms of strategy, is it makes it simple.
It makes it relate-able, It gives strategy color, and life In character and
plot. And it, allows the line worker, working
your manufacturing unit to vice president running marketing to have the same
understanding of what we're trying to do. And so for me, those are two reasons, and
there's a number more about why storytelling is an essential tool for
leaders to become competent in and experts in as they move
forward.